[teen Nancy] Mom. what's going on?
[Mom] You think I'm stupid?
You think I'm fucking stupid?
[Nancy] As a little girl growing up.
I had this power in my dreams
where I could fly.
The air was like water.
and I could just swim in it.
Up. up. up. and over the mountains
into a whole new life.
[tense music playing]
And what's crazy is. it came true.
in a way.
It was my husband's power and money
that transported me into a new world.
And every year.
I threw a New Year's party to celebrate.
[party guests chattering]
[Nancy] It was a cry of victory
over my violent past.
Spelled out in peonies
and vintage champagne.
[no audible dialogue]
For 18 years. I'd refined these parties
into something resembling perfection.
You have no fucking idea who I am.
I had no way of knowing
this party would be my last.
But to tell you how I got there.
I have to go back.
Hey.
I have a New Year's party to set up.
Stop distracting me.
You're distracting me.
- [chuckles]
- You're so damn sexy.
- Trying to drive me insane?
- No.
I'm trying to finish these centerpieces.
Hey.
What's wrong?
You know. this… this day is a…
kind of a big deal for me.
Oh. Nance.
Come on. it's our first party
as a married couple.
My introduction
to the Hennessey socialite scene.
- Hey.
- What if it's not good enough?
You're my wife. You're perfect.
And if this is too much.
we'll just cancel.
- Oh. no.
- Just say the word.
- No.
- Yeah.
All I care about is you.
Okay.
People will be arriving soon.
Then let's give them
something to walk in on.
[Nancy] Robert loved me so extravagantly
in those days.
In that powerful way you do at first.
When there's so much love between you
it feels like it blurs every flaw
and heals every wound.
Even the oldest and deepest ones.
I felt so protected by him
in those early days.
Eighteen years later.
it felt like a different story.
Honey. what do you think?
I moved some things around this year.
Always innovating.
I think. uh. the credit card bill's
gonna be pretty painful this month.
[chuckles]
A little early for that. isn't it?
It's a party. right?
Hey. uh. Kit's on her way over.
I just wanted to go through a little bit
of business before the guests arrive.
Seriously? It's New Year's Day.
You guys just had that big meeting
before the holidays. What…
What is left to discuss?
I'll be in my office.
Excuse me. I'm afraid
you're setting up in the wrong spot.
You are gonna have to clear any changes
with the event coordinator.
but choose your moment.
'Cause this party is like the pinnacle
of the year for these Hennessey pricks.
Nancy Hennessey. and you are?
Fired?
David.
David. well. the bar's actually supposed
to be set up over there under the pergola.
That way it's got some shade
from the wisteria vines
and a view of the rose garden.
You drew that? It's not bad.
You don't have to flatter me.
I'm not gonna fire you.
I don't think I'd have time
to find a replacement.
[event coordinator] Mrs. Hennessey.
- Yeah?
- Mrs. Hennessey. I-I have terrible news.
What is it?
It's the gift bags.
They used black and white ribbon instead
of the blush and crimson that I ordered
- to match the Rose Parade theme.
- Hmm.
I've been on the phone for over an hour
trying to rush replace.
but all the vendors
are closed for the holiday.
Caroline. take a breath. okay.
We have time.
I will call for backup. okay?
Okay. thank you.
My hero. Come in. girls.
Come on. [chuckles]
- [Artemis] Yay.
- [Nancy] Argh. angel.
Okay. so you want to actually cut it
at a 45-degree angle.
so the ends look really nice and even.
You want it done perfectly.
or do you want it done at all?
- Can't I have both?
- [chuckling] No.
Robert thinks that I've
let the party get too… extravagant.
I think he's right.
Girls. why don't you take some
of these bags and put them out front.
like the ones that are done with the bows?
- That would be great.
- Take two each. There we go. perfect.
Thank you so much.
They look gorgeous.
Nancy. listen to me. you are throwing
the most beautiful New Year's Day party
for everyone you love to enjoy.
And I think that we could all use a reason
to celebrate today.
Is it Marcus?
[sighs] It's Howard.
They cut his class load again.
so now he's only doing four hours a week.
- What?
- I know.
I really don't know what we're gonna do.
I can help.
No. no. no. that's not what I'm… No.
You've already been way too generous.
I'm not taking any more money from you.
And I don't want to lie to Howard
about it.
Then don't. You know. if it's a choice
between your husband's ego
and putting food on the kid's table.
then--
Okay. well. I mean. it's not his ego.
He has principles.
The university wants him to do
these gimmicks. like.
the fall of Rome according to TikTok.
and. like…
You know. he's just… He's not gonna
compromise on his standards.
Come on. it's a new year. right?
Opportunities can come
when you least expect them.
[Nancy] My friend. Mary. prayed
- at the church of eternal optimism.
- True.
- Mm-hmm.
- [Nancy] Most especially
when it came to her family.
Aunt Nancy. can we play with Cora's dolls?
No. Aunt Nancy has too much to do.
She has this massive party to throw.
Look at this.
That is way more important.
Let me go ask her. okay?
- Thank… Say thank you.
- Thank you. Thank you.
[Nancy] I loved that about her.
I needed it about her.
Mary was the mother I never had.
and never figured out how to be.
[Cora] What?
[Nancy] Oh. isn't that Daddy's shirt?
He told me I could have it.
What do you want. Mom?
Just checking in.
Also. Mary's kids wanted to know if they
could borrow your American Girl dolls.
Is that okay?
Yeah. I literally couldn't care less.
They can have those old dolls
if you can find them.
["One Thing" playing on speakers]
You used to be obsessed with them.
you know? Once upon a time.
[whispers] Yeah.
[Nancy] Oh. Cora.
[groans]
This is your dress for the party.
Now I'm gonna have to steam it again.
You gotta take better care of your things.
No. I'm not going to your party.
My friends in Highland Park
are having a potluck thing.
What? When was that decided?
Dad said it was fine.
He did?
Why are you acting
some type of way about this?
Nobody cares about this party. except you.
Well. now you're just being rude.
[Cora] I'm rude?
I've been home from school for a week.
and you haven't said two words to me.
You talk to the fucking caterer
more than you talk to your own daughter.
Like. have you asked me anything
about how I'm doing?
Do you even know
what's going on in my life?
- Sweetheart. I know I've been busy. I'm--
- No. it's fine. I don't care.
I'm just… I'm just saying
I'm not the rude one here.
Okay. when this party is over.
I am making time for you.
I swear to God.
just get out of my room. please.
Well. it would mean a lot to me if you
just stopped by. and to your dad too.
I don't think you know
what Dad cares about anymore.
[Nancy] Cora's words cut deep.
but I couldn't blame her for them.
She was a native in this world
of fancy dolls and expensive clothes.
But I would never lose the sense
that I was a stranger
who'd wandered into this big house.
A white trash girl from Bakersfield
playing dress-up.
Always one step away from being exposed.
[Robert] I'm trying to make this
as painless as possible for everyone.
[Kit] Really. Bobby?
How much did you spend on this party?
[Robert] Don't fucking talk to me
about spending. Kit.
I get enough of that from Dad.
I'm gonna take care of it.
I just… need a little more time.
- [footsteps approach]
- [door opens]
Oh. Jesus. Nancy.
- Just coming to see my husband.
- I don't think that he's in the mood
- for visitors right now.
- I'll take my chances. thank you.
She called me a visitor. [scoffs]
Yeah.
Hey. babe. what's going on?
Are we in some sort of financial trouble?
No. It's just…
Dad's on my ass about our spending.
that's all. It's nothing to worry about.
It's got you on your third scotch
before noon. so…
Come on.
Does it have anything to do with that
meeting that you guys all had in New York?
Hey. Everything's fine.
I've just…
A lot of work to do. that's all.
Well…
I know how to take your mind off it.
[sighs]
Do you think that's a good idea?
I mean. the guests are about to arrive.
Mm-hmm.
Let's give them something to walk in on.
Yeah?
[Nancy breathing heavily]
[Robert grunts]
Hey.
[sighs] Sorry about that.
- [groans] I'm just…
- It's been a while.
- Do you wanna tell me what's going on?
- Yeah. No. it's. uh…
Do you mind not pressuring me right now?
I got a lot of things on my mind.
You were great up there today. kiddo.
I was looking at you the whole time.
I can tell. It was like you were
dancing just for me.
[kisses]
Before I forget. [sighs]
This should cover your classes
the next two months.
I could use new pointe shoes.
[chuckles. snorts]
Ah. you are definitely Patty's girl.
[classical music playing]
[Nancy] Hello.
- Happy New Year. my dear.
- You too. [chuckles]
Daddy was just complimenting
the rose garden.
Looks like the gardeners
are taking good care of it.
Oh. I actually do the gardening myself.
Yeah. I find it very therapeutic.
I think that's marvelous.
My children could learn
a thing or two from you.
They inherited everything from me.
except my work ethic.
Oh. I don't know if that's fair.
I think Robert puts in
plenty of hours for you.
He certainly puts in for expenses.
[Nancy] In my family.
the violence was all overt…
- Let's get you something to drink.
- …but in Robert's.
it was the subtle art
of passive aggression.
Welcome.
And it would've gone unnoticed
if it weren't for my friends.
You guys stay here for a sec.
I'll be right back.
[Nancy] Welcome. Thanks for coming.
- You okay?
- [Nancy] Yeah.
- That looked… interesting.
- It was.
Was Robert's dad flirting with you again?
He doesn't flirt with me.
My gosh. maybe he does.
I don't know. they have their own
secret language. I can never get it right.
Hey. girls.
Just be careful with those. okay?
They're more expensive
than anything we own.
It's fine. Cora doesn't care about those
anymore. Nor does she care about me.
- Oh. come on. Yes. she does.
- [guest] Nancy!
Oh. God. I hate this woman. Bye.
- [Nancy] Hi. nice to see you.
- Oh.
- [phone chimes]
- Excuse me.
- El!
- Hi! Happy New Year.
You did not have to
cut your trip short for me.
Are you kidding?
There is actually nowhere else I wanna be.
Oh. my God. No one gets off
a 16-hour flight looking this good.
Was I not clear? Vodka. Vermouth. Olives.
In my mouth immediately.
Lucky for you. I know the bartender.
Mmm. Delicious. Thank you.
Mm-hmm. You're not so bad yourself.
- This one is trouble.
- I know.
- Hi.
- Hey. how are you? Good.
- Good. You?
- Ooh. I'll have one of those.
- Really?
Since when do you drink a martini?
You've been gone two weeks.
I am a different person now.
- Oh. wow!
- Mm-hmm.
- Nancy. brava. This is perfect.
- Thank you.
Well done. Where is the man of the house?
- Oh. yeah. I haven't seen Robert.
- Yeah. He has some work to do.
- He's working today?
- Mm-hmm. I know.
[Mary] Ooh. Or is that a euphemism for…
[whispers] …you guys had pre-party sex…
- No.
- …and now he's recovering?
- [Eleanor] What?
- Yeah. this is a thing that they do.
- It is not. is it? Not.
- Yeah. Mm-hmm.
- Used to do.
- When… And then what happened?
Things have been off lately.
I don't know. I tried to initiate earlier.
and he was not up for it.
- Oh. I see what you did there. [laughs]
- Oh.
It's totally normal.
Married life stuff. right?
Ellie. tell her that's normal.
- I-I wouldn't know…
- Is it?
…I'm single for a reason.
You've been married forever.
Come on. you're telling me
your husband has never had
trouble performing?
Wow. My God.
I mean. we've had trouble in other ways.
just not… just not like that.
I… I mean. I'm thinking
maybe it was because his dad is putting
a lot of pressure on him at work.
- Family financial stuff. maybe that's it?
- Oh. that's…
- Stress?
- Yeah. for sure.
Yes. do not invent trouble
where there is none. That's it.
- El.
- Yes.
I. um…
- I have someone to introduce you to.
- No. No. No.
- [Mary] Yes. Yes. yes. yes. yes. Yeah.
- He… He's a divorced lawyer.
Not a divorce lawyer.
He's a lawyer who's divorced.
He plays tennis with Robert.
but he's a democrat.
- I thought we said no more fix-ups.
- Yes.
It's not a fix-up.
it's just an introduction.
- Also. he knows Beyoncé.
- He does not.
Yes. they threw a fundraiser together.
- You buried the lede. didn't you?
- Mm-hmm.
- Um. Ed. hi.
- [Mary] Beyoncé?
Excuse me.
- There she is.
- [Nancy] Hi.
[Ed] Another year. another winner.
- You're so sweet.
- He's cute.
This is Eleanor.
My friend I was telling you about.
- Eleanor. such a pleasure.
- Oh. likewise.
- Happy New Year.
So Nancy tells me you're from Boston.
- I. uh. went to Cambridge for law school.
- Oh.
- Wow!
- Yeah.
Howard. I think we gotta…
- We-We forgot…
- Why?
- We owe Howard a drink.
- No.
- Oh. yes. We do. Mm-hmm.
- Do you? Really?
Yeah.
Aw. that's so nice of you. He's sweet.
- He's cute. right? Yeah.
- Yeah.
Do me a favor. Don't bring up
what I said before about Howard's work.
He would be so hurt
if he knew I told you and just…
- Of course. No. I won't say a word.
- Thanks.
I'm just gonna say hi to some people.
- Okay. I'll be in here.
- Okay.
Today. Balanchine would be
the first one canceled.
or at the very least.
labeled "problematic."
Mmm. But for him. as for me.
dance is not intended
to comfort the audience or the artists.
It's meant to provoke. To arouse.
[chuckles] And with you at the helm. Phil.
it always does.
[chuckles] Aw.
And we couldn't do any of it
without the support of generous board
members such as Mrs. Hennessey.
May I steal the maestro for a moment?
Excuse me.
I may have found the perfect person to do
our program notes for the new production.
He's an esteemed professor.
and he might just do me a favor
and free up his schedule.
Hi. Mary. Howard. this is Phil Delavigne
with the LA Metropolitan Ballet.
He's embarking on
a thrilling original piece called Ariadne.
It's in your field. right. Howard?
Greek mythology?
Ah. yes.
The. uh… the metaphor of the labyrinth
has been irresistible
to interpretive artists over the years.
Mmm. I-I suppose I'm not the first
to take it on. though.
I… I hope my take is a fresh one.
Artists have been understandably…
[Nancy] I was used to feeling left out of
conversations with Robert's family.
[Howard] It's the experience we all…
[Nancy] But this wasn't about sailboats
or golf swings.
Something more serious was going on.
…in a structure designed by man.
- Excuse me just for one moment.
- [Mary] Mm-hmm.
[Phil] Right. but wouldn't you say that
the labyrinth is really… It's a construct.
Harlan. So glad you could make it.
I wouldn't have missed it. kiddo.
It's great to see you.
How's Lena?
Oh. I thought Robert would have mentioned.
Um. Lena and I are--
Honey. hi.
You said we were gonna be in and out.
My friends are waiting for us at Nobu.
Piper. this is Nancy.
My client Robert's wife and our hostess.
- Oh! Um. so nice to meet you.
- [Nancy chuckles]
Your house is huge. [chuckles]
Thank you.
Piper. could you give us a second?
She works with us at the firm.
Harlan.
you have always been so helpful to me.
navigating the ins and outs
of this family.
I've tried to be. Any wealth manager
worth his salt owes it to his client to--
What happened at that meeting in New York?
You have… You have to ask Robert.
I have. He is stonewalling me.
[sighs]
- I'm honor bound to my client.
- Honor b…
You are boning your 25-year-old secretary.
Let's not invoke some nonexistent code
of ethics here.
Oh. this isn't about ethics.
This is about self-preservation.
So talk to your husband.
[sighs]
What's this?
Seems like you could use it.
That's the last thing I need right now.
I mean. it's the right diagnosis.
just the wrong medicine.
I feel you.
That's a great tattoo. Is it a flower?
It's a fractal. It's a geometry thing.
It's complex. repeating patterns
that never change.
No matter how closely you look.
how much you zoom in. zoom out.
all the same story.
- You always been into math?
- Honestly.
didn't even know what it was until
the tattoo artist explained it to me.
Saw it up in the window at this place
called the Coal Mine and I--
Wait. the Coal… The Coal Mine.
like off Bates in Potomac Park?
Shit. you're a Bako girl?
I grew up across from San Lauren.
No way. I went to Vista West.
[Nancy] Wow.
I knew there was something about you.
When's the last time you went back?
I don't go back.
You're too good for it now?
No. the opposite. actually.
I think I'm scared if I go back. I'll
realize that I haven't changed at all.
That I'm exactly the same
as I've always been.
What's wrong with that?
It was dangerous.
Thanks. Scott.
I should go inside.
- She might be up by now. [grunts]
- Hey.
[sighs] Glass of champagne. my good man.
So. this Howard fellow.
The Classics professor?
He seems knowledgeable. A bit provincial.
He's a dear friend who could use a break.
Well. you of all people know what
a tight budget the Metro Ballet is on.
Hmm. Maybe we could up our donation. hmm?
To help pay for his salary.
Just have to talk to my husband.
- [Phil] Hi. You're taller than me.
- Hey.
[Eleanor] The British Isles are gorgeous.
- [Robert] But the food--
- Oh. Oh. God. I'm so busted.
I have been talking you up to him
for days.
I thought you'd at least
have a conversation.
I tried. I really did.
He is just deadly dull.
- No.
- What am I missing here?
Yes. Your lovely wife. God bless her.
tried to hook me up with your friend. Ed.
Ed Holcomb?
- Do you see how he says that?
- What?
He's not her type.
- How would you know?
- Come on. what are you doing?
My dating life is not a problem
that needs to be fixed. okay?
- I really like my independence.
- We just want you to be happy.
I'm so happy. I have you and Mary.
You are my soul mates.
and then I have my playmates
here and there.
[Robert] Mmm.
- Oh. God. Incoming.
- [Kit] Nancy.
[Robert groans]
Daddy was a little thrown
by all the signature drinks.
Do you think it would be possible for me
to get him just a simple cup of coffee?
Of course.
I saw you were
speaking with Harlan earlier.
Yes. I met his new girlfriend.
We were just catching up.
What else were you
speaking with him about?
He didn't tell me anything.
There are aspects of the family business
that are complicated.
and it's better for you to stay out of.
I am part of this family. Kit.
Well. I hope I've communicated.
What the fuck is your problem with me?
All I've ever done
is try and connect with you.
Is it because your father gave us
this house instead of you?
Because I'd be happy to talk to him
if it--
Who do you think sent me here
in the first place?
You wanna know
what my problem is with you?
It's that everything you do
is transactional.
And it has been from the very beginning.
but Bobby is just waking up to it.
[guests chattering]
[Phil] I'll ask our hostess
to send me your contact information.
- I'll do you one better.
- Oh. how quaint.
Oh. my God! Oh! Oh. my God!
- I'm so sorry.
- It's not your fault. I'm so sorry.
- You all right?
- Yes. I'm fine.
Oh. Oh. You're bleeding.
No. no. no. I'm absolutely fine.
Excuse me. Please enjoy yourselves.
[sighs]
[toilet flushes]
Honey? Oh.
May I?
May you what?
- Did you get lost?
- [chuckles]
There's so many other bathrooms
you could use.
No. no. I wasn't lost.
Of course not.
You lived here before we did.
I was raised here.
On land clear cut by my grandfather
for orange groves and oil fields.
Father saved the loveliest plots
to raise our families in.
May I have a towel. please?
Jane and I never felt the need
for two sinks.
But then. we got along well.
Oh. we put in the double sink
when we remodeled.
I understand that you're concerned
about our spending.
Is that what Bobby's told you?
I want to assure you that I'm aware.
and I plan to scale back.
um. on the parties in-in the future.
I do enjoy your parties.
It will be a shame
not to have one next year.
[Nancy] No matter what I'd been through.
this party had always been my reset.
My chance to put on a proud front.
To prove that this was really my life.
It didn't feel that way anymore.
It was time to find out
what my husband was hiding from me.
[gasps]
[teen Nancy] Mom. what's going on?
[Patty] You think I'm stupid?
You think I'm fucking stupid?
[teen Nancy grunting]
- [Mom] You're not the victim here--
- Stop it-- Mom. stop.
[teen Nancy] Mom. what's going on?
Mom.
[Patty] You think I'm fucking stupid?
[teen Nancy] Mom. stop! Stop the car.
[teens giggling]
[Cora] Dude…
I can't believe that belly.
- [laughing]
- That's insane.
Cora. What is this?
We're headed out. I just did my drive-by.
as volun-told. by you. so--
No. what-what is this?
Oh. it's a white trash theme party.
Wait. look.
Nailed it. right?
Oh. what did Josie call it?
- Peckerwood Potluck. [giggles]
- You can't wear that.
- Chill out. Okay. we're leaving.
- Take it off. now.
- Mom. you're not being serious right now.
- You're making fun of me.
My own daughter?
What are you talking about?
This has nothing to do with you.
We're just having fun.
Cosplaying poverty with your rich friends
is not fun. It's disgusting.
As disgusting as literally spending
tens of thousands of dollars
on a brunch so you can post it on Insta
- to make your friends jealous?
- Okay. Okay. sorry.
- Be honest with yourself. Mom.
- You guys can go now. Cora can't make it.
- I'm leaving. Let go of me.
- You're staying here.
- You're so fake and full of shit.
- [gasps]
[guests murmuring]
You have no fucking idea who I am.
[panting]
[breathing heavily]
[gentle piano music playing]
Where have you been?
The studio was open today.
I went to rehearse.
Where's Scott?
He went for a walk.
Let's go for a drive.
[music intensifies]
- Do you think I'm stupid?
- No.
- You think I'm fucking stupid?
- No!
Ow! Mom!
[pants]
[tires screeching]
[horn honking]
You're not the victim here
so don't try to be!
- ♪ …acquaintance be forgot ♪
- [teen Nancy] Mom! Stop!
♪ And never brought to mind… ♪
Mom!
♪ Should auld acquaintance be… ♪
- [Mary] Nancy. please.
- [Eleanor] Nancy. stop. Please.
- Oh. my God. [breathing heavily]
- [Eleanor] Nancy.
- Oh. God. honey.
- [Nancy] I swear to God. I forgot.
I forgot where I was.
- It's okay. All right.
- I forgot who I was.
[panting]
- You're okay. You're all right.
- [pants] It's happening.
What?
It's happening.
I'm turning into my mother.
- No. No. no. no.
- No. no. no.
It was always meant to happen.
- There's nothing I can do.
- Don't say that.
Your mother tried to kill you. Nancy.
That's a completely different thing.
You are not that woman.
- I've never hit Cora before.
- This is just a mistake. okay?
- It's just a mistake.
- You gotta breathe.
You can fix this. Sit down.
Come on. It's gonna be okay.
There we go. It's okay.
- What about Robert?
- What do you mean?
He was already pulling away. [crying]
I don't think
I can go back in there right now.
You don't have to.
- We do not have to go in there.
- No.
And if you go in there.
you will not be alone. We'll be with you.
We've got you. okay? We've got you.
It's just a bump. okay? Not a crash.
Just breathe.
[Nancy exhales deeply]
You meet some girls at a party in college
and they become your soul mates.
Your saviors.
The people who see you
down to your marrow and love you anyway.
If you'll just let them.
[somber music playing]
[no audible dialogue]
[Cora] How am I supposed to know
if she didn't tell me?
When I ask her about her past.
she just ices me out
and says she doesn't want
to talk about the past.
- [Robert] Yeah. well…
- She's my own mother
and I know nothing about her.
[Robert] It's not your fault.
Hey.
Uh. now's not the time. Nance.
It's okay. sweetheart.
I. um… I was not myself.
I'm so sorry for what I said.
Babe. Come on.
[Nancy] What?
I do not need you to negotiate peace
between me and my daughter.
Listen. this isn't something you're gonna
fix with a warm glass of milk and a hug.
She's gonna remember this
for the rest of her life.
Which is why an apology
is what's most important right now.
No. You need to give her some space.
- What is going on?
- She's upset.
What is happening between us?
Don't tell me everything's fine.
I know that's not true.
When are you gonna talk to me?
Let's not do this right now.
[Nancy] As a little girl growing up. I had
this power in my dreams where I could fly.
Up. up. up over the mountains
and into a whole new life.
Hey.
Hi.
Listen. it was great meeting you today.
And I was thinking. maybe
if you wanna grab a coffee or a drink…
[sighs] That is so sweet.
But I can't. I'm… I'm sorry
if I gave you the wrong impression.
Yeah.
Yeah. you did.
[sighs]
But I couldn't escape my past any more
than I could flap my arms and fly.
It would stay with me
like the scars on my body.
Pulling me back in ways
even I couldn't fully understand.
[Howard] Hey.
Hi.
Uh. do you mind? That's. uh.
- Juniper's jacket.
- Oh. [chuckles]
Here.
You know. I'd be remiss if I didn't
thank you for the job opportunity.
Oh.
I know you only did it
because Mary said something.
Yeah. My wife is not the master
of espionage that she imagines.
It wasn't a favor.
You'll be an asset to the production.
You're a bad liar.
But. uh. no. Phil offered me the job.
Well. I think he offered it to David.
I think he had me confused
with the bartender or something.
Yeah. that sounds like Phil.
No matter how often I correct him.
- he still calls me Louise.
- Louise?
- Mmm.
- Where'd that come from?
Ah. I imagine it's the only other
old lady name he could come up with.
- You think you have an old lady name?
- I know I do. Yeah.
I was named after
some old dead aunt or other.
Well. there's nothing old about Nancy.
It has the. um. not the rhyme.
but the whisper of dance to it.
You're a dancer. right?
I used to be. Yeah.
I don't know. I think I prefer Louise.
Well. I'll see you at the ballet. Louise.
["You Should See Me in a Crown" playing]
See you there. David.
[song continues]